Table with Foreign key syntax

How to create common table for many to many relationship

```java
create table MOVIE_CAST(
    Act_id int,
    Mov_id int,
    Role varchar(20),
    primary key (Act_id, Mov_id),
    foreign key (Act_id) references ACTOR(Act_id),
    foreign key (Mov_id) references MOVIES(Mov_id)
);
```

Insert multiple value in table 


### Question
second max salary. 
select max(salary) from employee where salary not in (select max(salary) from employee)
select max(salary) from employee where salary < (select max(salary) from employee)
nth max salary. 

Error 
select * from passenger group by distance order by distance desc;


##  nth max salary
select min(a.distance) from (select distance from passenger group by distance order by distance desc limit 2) as a; //subquery

select distance from passenger group by distance order by distance desc limit 8;

## second highest
select max(distance) from passenger where distance < (select max(distance) from passenger );

inner join select records matching values in both tables

left join select all from left and matching from right. result is 0 if no match

right join select all from right and matching from left. result is 0 if no match

outer join all record if there is match from left or right

full outer join 

### following are types of Unicode character string types in SQL

### TINY TEXT can contain a string of up to 255 characters or 255 bytes

### In the case an ENUM list is empty and no value is inserted, a blank value is inserted in the list.

###  Integer with values in the signed range of -8388608 to 8388607 and values in the unsigned range of 0 to 16777215 can be stored in the MEDIUMINT datatype.

### TRUNCATE command is used to delete all rows and free up space from a table.

### Revoke and Grant are the 2 commands that are a part of Data Control Language.

### Wildcard in WHERE clause is used when an exact match is not possible in a SELECT statement.

### The rows of a relation are known as tuples

 In case of a shutdown, before committing, Rollback is done.

Super Key is used to uniquely identify a tuple in a relation

Surrogate Key is an artificial key that aims to uniquely identify each record

 SOUNDEX compares 2 strings and returns their similarity as a 4 character code.

To select some particular commands, PROJECTION is used.


DAY is used to get the specified day of the month for a given date.

The BETWEEN operator is used to compare a value to a list of literal values that have been specified

NATURAL JOIN can also be termed as a combination of Projection and cartesian product.

The DROP command is used to delete a trigger in SQL

triggers, indexes, functions, 

The SHOW command will display all the triggers that are currently present in the table.

The Candidate Key is also known as the minimal super key

The NOLOCK in SQL is equivalent to READ UNCOMMITTED
